docs: improve documentation (#4148)
nuxt/framework: docs/content/2.guide/2.features/13.modules.md

# Modules

Nuxt applications can be extended by modules .

> Modules are mainly developed by the Nuxt Community. You can find all [Nuxt 3 modules](https://modules.nuxtjs.org/?version=3.x) here. Everyone has the opportunity to develop modules, read more about developing modules in the [Module Author Guide](/guide/going-further/modules).

Reviewer: We can keep cross-page references. Only could be moved below of relevant paragraph.

```suggestion
Nuxt community maintains modules for lots of ready-to-use integrations. You can find all [Nuxt 3 compatible modules here](https://modules.nuxtjs.org/?version=3.x). Everyone has the opportunity to develop modules, read more about developing modules in the [Module Author Guide](/guide/going-further/modules).

::ReadMore{link="https://modules.nuxtjs.org/?version=3.x" title="Nuxt 3 Compatible Modules"}
::

::ReadMore{link="/guide/going-further/modules" title="Module Author Guide"
::
```

> Modules make working with Nuxt much easier, you don't have to develop everything from scratch, they can be easily configured in [`nuxt.config`](/api/configuration/nuxt.config#modules).

Reviewer: I would move intro to top.

Author: Which "Intro" do you mean?

Reviewer: I mean this paragraph, is more an introduction to nuxt modules. can be before nuxt-community and module author paragraphs.

# Modules

Nuxt applications can be extended by modules.

> Modules make working with Nuxt much easier, you don't have to develop everything from scratch, they can be easily configured in [`nuxt.config`](/api/configuration/nuxt.config#modules).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Modules make working with Nuxt much easier, you don't have to develop everything from scratch, they can be configured directly in [`nuxt.config`](/api/configuration/nuxt.config#modules).
```
We try to avoid subjective language when applicable (See http://localhost:4000/community/contribution#writing-tips)
